README.md, before:

# Elementary OS Install utility

Easy-to-use utility that installs [Elementary OS](http://elementaryos.org) on your Mac and helps you boot it.
This file references Install Elementary OS Utility version 6.0.2
![Screenshot](http://f.cl.ly/items/393Y071E1W1G3z0s190M/Screen%20Shot%202014-09-04%20at%203.54.11%20PM.png)
## Instructions
See [INSTRUCTIONS.md](INSTRUCTIONS.md)
## App Guide:

Elementary OS Install Utility is divided into four main functions. These
four functions will prepare your Mac for Elementary OS. The "Full
install” button partitions your computer with space for Elementary and
the installer, installs the boot picker, adds the Elementary installer,
and offers to print these instructions.

### Partition

Before installing Elementary OS, you’ll need to give it a place to
install to. This step shrinks your Mac partition, and adds an empty
partition for Elementary OS and an empty partition for the Elementary OS
Installer. You should not perform this step multiple times; if your Mac
is partitioned already and you’d like to remove the partitions, you
should use Disk Utility.

### Install Boot picker

When you turn on your Mac, the boot picker will ask you whether you want
to boot Elementary OS or OS X. If you’ve already installed the boot
picker, it’ll upgrade it to the latest version. If you stop seeing the
boot picker (for example, after updating your Mac) hold the option key
while booting, boot into OS X, open this app and run this step again.

### Add installer

You’ll need an Elementary OS ISO file downloaded from the [Elementary
OS](http://elementaryos.org) website. The ISO file must be at least version Freya (0.3). This
step must be run after partitioning; it will put the installer onto the
Elementary OS installer partition.

### Erase installer

This step will remove the installer created in the “Add installer” step
and format the partition so you don’t see the option to install
Elementary OS every time you turn on your Mac.

## Building from source:

Should support OOTB building from source using Xcode ≥6 - sometimes works in >6 but not reliably.

The built app has been tested for OS X ≥10.9

## Credits:

See HUMANS.txt

## Technical Details:

Elementary OS Install Utility is a Cocoa-Applescript App created using
Xcode. It uses mostly shell scripts to perform its tasks.

## Boring stuff:

This tool is licensed under the file contained in LICENSE.md. The
following non-legalese does not represent a contract and LICENSE.md
takes priority:

I will not prosecute, sue, or send grumpy emails to anyone using any
part of this project for a fully open-source project. I ask that you
mention me in credits, or your README, or somewhere like that if you do
use this. If you make money with this, it's cool as long as you've made
some changes. You absolutely may not sell this on its own. By using this
project you surrender your immortal souls, now and forevermore, to Me
and Me alone. They shall be claimable within one week of notification by
Me or any divine or mortal representative of Me.

Commit message:

instructions
- adds way to check if your EFI is 64-bit to troubleshooting section
- adds note about python port
- clarifies license notice in README

README.md, after:

# Elementary OS Install utility

Easy-to-use utility that installs [Elementary OS](http://elementaryos.org) on your Mac and helps you boot it.
This file references Install Elementary OS Utility version 6.0.2
![Screenshot](http://f.cl.ly/items/393Y071E1W1G3z0s190M/Screen%20Shot%202014-09-04%20at%203.54.11%20PM.png)
## Instructions
See [INSTRUCTIONS.md](INSTRUCTIONS.md)
## App Guide:

Elementary OS Install Utility is divided into four main functions. These
four functions will prepare your Mac for Elementary OS. The "Full
install” button partitions your computer with space for Elementary and
the installer, installs the boot picker, adds the Elementary installer,
and offers to show the complete instructions.

### Partition

Before installing Elementary OS, you’ll need to give it a place to
install to. This step shrinks your Mac partition, and adds an empty
partition for Elementary OS and an empty partition for the Elementary OS
Installer. You should not perform this step multiple times; if your Mac
is partitioned already and you’d like to remove the partitions, you
should use Disk Utility.

### Install Boot picker

When you turn on your Mac, the boot picker will ask you whether you want
to boot Elementary OS or OS X. If you’ve already installed the boot
picker, it’ll upgrade it to the latest version. If you stop seeing the
boot picker (for example, after updating your Mac) hold the option key
while booting, boot into OS X, open this app and run this step again.

### Add installer

You’ll need an Elementary OS ISO file downloaded from the [Elementary
OS](http://elementaryos.org) website. The ISO file must be at least version Freya (0.3). This
step must be run after partitioning; it will put the installer onto the
Elementary OS installer partition.

### Erase installer

This step will remove the installer created in the “Add installer” step
and format the partition so you don’t see the option to install
Elementary OS every time you turn on your Mac.

## Building from source:

Should support OOTB building from source using Xcode ≥6 - sometimes works in >6 but not reliably.

The built app has been tested for OS X ≥10.9

## Credits:

See HUMANS.txt

## Technical Details:

Elementary OS Install Utility is a Cocoa-Applescript App created using
Xcode. It uses mostly shell scripts to perform its tasks. An upcoming port to Python is planned - contact samuel@daitzman.com if you are interested :)

## Boring stuff:

This tool is licensed under the file contained in LICENSE.md. The contents of LICENSE.md take priority over the following non-legalese:

I will not prosecute, sue, or send grumpy emails to anyone using any
part of this project for a fully open-source project. I ask that you
mention me in credits, or your README, or somewhere like that if you do
use this. If you make money with this, it's cool as long as you've made
some changes. You absolutely may not sell this on its own. By using this
project you surrender your immortal souls, now and forevermore, to Me
and Me alone. They shall be claimable within one week of notification by
Me or any divine or mortal representative of Me.
